req-id (#35)
elasticio/maester-client: CHANGELOG.md

> # 4.0.3 (August 14, 2022)
> * Added parameter `msgId` for class constructors which will used in `x-request-id` header in each request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# 4.0.3 (August 26, 2022)
* Added `x-request-id` header with information about flow and step id
* Added parameter `msgId` for class constructors which will used in `x-request-id` header in each request
```
